readme.md, before:

## Laravel PHP Framework

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/laravel/framework.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/laravel/framework)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/d/total.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework)
[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/v/stable.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework)
[![Latest Unstable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/v/unstable.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/license.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework)

Laravel is a web application framework with expressive, elegant syntax. We believe development must be an enjoyable, creative experience to be truly fulfilling. Laravel attempts to take the pain out of development by easing common tasks used in the majority of web projects, such as authentication, routing, sessions, queueing, and caching.

Laravel is accessible, yet powerful, providing powerful tools needed for large, robust applications. A superb inversion of control container, expressive migration system, and tightly integrated unit testing support give you the tools you need to build any application with which you are tasked.

## Official Documentation

Documentation for the framework can be found on the [Laravel website](http://laravel.com/docs).

## Contributing

Thank you for considering contributing to the Laravel framework! The contribution guide can be found in the [Laravel documentation](http://laravel.com/docs/contributions).

## Security Vulnerabilities

If you discover a security vulnerability within Laravel, please send an e-mail to Taylor Otwell at taylor@laravel.com. All security vulnerabilities will be promptly addressed.

### License

The Laravel framework is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Commit message:

added password reset email
this is going to require CURL funkyness on the server

readme.md, after:

This project is designed to create a simple interface for buttons that trigger alert content to play.  
Each button you create in the admin panel at http://{carousel_server}/buttons/admin will have a length (of time), a title, and a 'tag'.  The tag corresponds to bulletin tags in carousel.
bulletins should be created, scheduled, and have their week days set to no days active then tagged with the appropriate tag.
the system will activate all weekdays and set alert status to on when a button is pressed, then pause for 'length' number of seconds before turning off that tag's weekdays again.

the system has a login feature and a password reminder feature


## Laravel PHP Framework

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/laravel/framework.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/laravel/framework)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/d/total.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework)
[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/v/stable.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework)
[![Latest Unstable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/v/unstable.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/license.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework)

Laravel is a web application framework with expressive, elegant syntax. We believe development must be an enjoyable, creative experience to be truly fulfilling. Laravel attempts to take the pain out of development by easing common tasks used in the majority of web projects, such as authentication, routing, sessions, queueing, and caching.

Laravel is accessible, yet powerful, providing powerful tools needed for large, robust applications. A superb inversion of control container, expressive migration system, and tightly integrated unit testing support give you the tools you need to build any application with which you are tasked.

## Official Documentation

Documentation for the framework can be found on the [Laravel website](http://laravel.com/docs).

## Contributing

Thank you for considering contributing to the Laravel framework! The contribution guide can be found in the [Laravel documentation](http://laravel.com/docs/contributions).

## Security Vulnerabilities

If you discover a security vulnerability within Laravel, please send an e-mail to Taylor Otwell at taylor@laravel.com. All security vulnerabilities will be promptly addressed.

### License

The Laravel framework is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
